---
layout: post
title: New Dawn
tags: [random,resolution]
math: true
date: 2023-01-03 15:32 +0800
excerpt: Finally I am Back
---
So this all blogging started with creating a new habit of writing and staying true to myslef. Sadly I got involved in so many other things (procrastination basically) that i couldnt give this thing a proper time. But Since the last year has been so good , I tend to give the blogging a new try maybe write every once or twice a week.

Now lets round about why 2022 was the best year yet
<ul>
  <li>The first and biggest step , Travelled Europe (first abroad trip all on my own) and with my best buds. Had an amazing time exploring the lands of Spain, France , Belgium and Amsterdam.(maybe ill write a post detailing the whole trip.</li>
  <li>Quit a really bad habit that was looked impossible to live</li>
  <li>Started going out more and got into that Dating scene</li>
  <li>Reached my Target Weight finally ( I was 46 kgs in 2020 now i am around 62kg)</li>
  <li>Bought some expensive things for me and started taking personal grooming more seriously</li>
</ul>

Thats it for the wind down part. Now the lets look at the big Picture 2023 and so on.
There are some things i want to do but i think jotting them down here and looking back at the end becomes very painful and i get looser wala feeling. So ill just brief down on somethings that i want to do. 

First and foremost get a daily routine whatever it may be but adhere to it(GYM,Taking care of skin etc). Next is Travel , Yes more and more of it. Growth in career would be another thing in my mind. 
Last but not the least blog it out every week.

BYE